I hate this.
This sucks.  I can't even figure out how to open it.
Wow, this was horrible. Nothing is worse.
Very bad.  Very ugly.  Very slow.
Whoever wrote this should die in a fire.
This is the crappiest crap that ever crapped.
This was ugly, despicable, and horrid.  Imprecise yet slow.
I loathed it.  I wanted to set it on fire.
The company should be ashamed of releasing this.  Shame!
I hated it when I saw it, I hate it now, I will hate it tomorrow.
Loathsome and disgusting.  Why is it slimy?
This is just a scam.  Inaccurate and incorrect.
Ick - repulsive and unworthy of my money.
Expensive yet declasse.  Just screams nouveau riche.
I abhorred it.  It's horrible.  Just horrible.
I found it appalling.  Why would anyone buy such a thing?
My entire family hated it.
The entire family found it beastly and cruel to animals.
My entire family hated its disgusting noises.
Noisy.  They don't tell you how loud it is.
Detestable.  It makes a disagreeable whir, clank, grind noise.
I bought one for my sister, and it was detestable.
Eerie noises came from its dreadful orifices.
Throughout the night, it made obnoxious noises.
Atrocious quality - never buying again.
This company should be ashamed of the bad news coming out.
Inferior quality and awful craftsmanship.
Cruddy and cheap pieces.  Looks pretty blah, too.
Looks like a careless monkey put it together.
Where was QA?  This crummy thing didn't even last two days.
Defective in oh so many ways.  Godawful piece of crap.
I was unsatisfied with my purchase.
Just seeing it is a downer.
Had seven faulty sensors and nine faulty gauges.
Inadequate lighting and slimy, junky interior.
Gross!  It spit at me!  I want to spit at it!
Slipshod, shoddy craftsmanship.
Dishonest purveyors of snake oil.
Just pure garbage.  It belongs in a dumpster or a landfill.
Poor quality and cheapness is evident.
Substandard for something of this level.  I paid too much.
I paid way too much for this piece of crap.
It's the pits.  Unacceptable and unsatisfactory.
This had a lousy exterior and an inferior interior.
The worst product I've ever used in my life.  Never again!
I would compare it unfavorably to feces.
It is teh suck.  It sucks more than a sucky suck.
Worse than anything I can comprehend.
Hellish, boorish, and vain.
Shoddy worksmanship.  Fell apart in the rain.
Whoever made this will have to answer to his maker.
Broke down almost immediately.  Broken since then.
Hate hate hate hate hate hate hate hate hate hate hate hate hate hate!
Crap crap crap crap crap crap crap crap crap crap crap crap crap crap!
Sucky suck suck sucked sucking sucked really bad.
Bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad!
Dislike dislike dislike dislike dislike dislike dislike dislike dislike!
Lousy lousy lousy lousy lousy lousy lousy lousy lousy lousy lousy lousy!
