This is awesome!
I love this.  It has the right mixture of color and texture.
Love love love.  I can't go to sleep without it.
My child loves it.  She says it's her favorite toy.
I can't even begin to describe how great this is.  Thank you!
Thanks to the developers who made this.  Pure awesome sauce.
I just want to snuggle in this program and fall asleep.
It's cuter than a bug in a rug.
Technical excellence, achieved.
The company releases pure, 100%, grade-A greatness, every year.
I've said it before, and I'll say it again - this is the best.
The absolute best product I've ever used.
Grade A.. no, A+!  Would buy again.
First-class seating at a reasonable price.
Quite admirable.  Adroitly handles every exception.
Marvelous.  As soft as a fluffy bunny but still tough.
The last item was transcendent.  I could see time.
A consummate perfectionist, he has created a better mousetrap.
Absolutely perfect in every conceivable way.
It surpassed all of my expectations, including some I didn't know about.
100% brilliance.  More brilliant than a diamond.
Not just good - downright exceptional.
Fine taste put together with expert hands.
You can tell an expert swordsmith made this.
Entirely complete - an utter enchantment to work with.
I found it good - utterly good - a champion among wines.
Super-duper, out of sight, groovy!  An out and out perfect game.
Not just fantastic - super-duper fantastic.
Hellacious - a heavy mixture of nitroglycerin and excitement.
The terrific end of summer experience was wonderful.
Wonderful, wonderful, wonderful.  So wonderful.
A superb, virtuoso performance.  Distinguished for excellence.
Outstanding in its field.  Makes me want to jump for joy.
Oh yes, I like it, I love it, I want some more of it.
This is a great way to store your cherries in the winter.
It's the cat's pajamas, the way it accurately knows things.
Quite hunky-dory - even peachy keen.
Peachy-keen.  It's a choice celebration.
Exquisite craftsmanship and meritorious conduct.
Quite simply, it's the greatest thing ever.
A-1.  A1.  A-OK.  Just A+!
Crackerjack skills under it all, but a smooth finish on top.  Neat!
Wow, this was cool.  The coolest thing ever.  Cooler than ice.
Beautiful.  Attractive.  It fit her like a glove.
When I dream about it, it's wonderful.  Works like a dream.
Commendable in their attention to detail.
I found it deserving of the highest awards in its field, and more.
Worthy of the Nobel prize, the Turing Award, and probably an Emmy.
No ifs, ands, or buts - solid build with an unreal body.
This is just awesome.  Awesome to the max!  Rad!
I found everything all right (alright).  Superior to doing it by hand.
Definitely praiseworthy - state of the art.
Wow, that was slick.  Wow!
Very nice, very pleasant.  As smooth as butter.
Beautiful.  Awe-inspiring.  Awesome.
Like like like like like like like like like like like like!
Love love love love love love love love love love love love !
Awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome !
Cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool !
